README.md, before:

# Team Profile Generator

## Description

This application allows for details of software engineering teams to be entered and a html document to be generated displaying these details with a summary for each member of the team. There are also numerous tests run which ensure the right information is added for each team member. The team manager is added first, followed by engineers and interns depending on what is chosen at the relevant prompt. Once finish is selected the html document is generated displaying all the input information.

## Installation

This project relies on node.js as its runtime environment so that will need to be installed for it to be ran. The github repo can then be cloned to run the package and when npm install is ran it will install the relevant dependencies for the app and testing

## Usage

To start the app please type node index.js which will display the first prompt.

![Screenshot on how to start app](./assets/README1.png)

Answer the questions as they appear by either typing the answer for an input or selecting the relevant option from the list. All questions are validated so a response must be added, with other validations in place so that numbers are added for id only and actual email addresses are used as shown below.

![Screenshot of questions being answered with validations showing for id](./assets/README2.png)
![Screenshot of questions being answered with validations showing for id](./assets/README3.png)

Once all questions have been answered for the manager you can choose which type of team members to add or whether to finish.

![Screenshot of options to add new members or finish](./assets/README4.png)

After all team members added and finish is selected this is the final output of the html document

![Screenshot of html final document with all information](./assets/README5.png)

## Tests

Once npm install has been ran to install the dependencies for this project please run npm test and the tests will run for this project

After the tests have been run by typing npm test into command line the following should appear:

![Screenshot of tests being run](./assets/README6.png)

## Walkthrough Video

## Questions

Please direct all questions to [Dan Lawrence](https://github.com/DanLawrence91)

Commit message:

readme updated with walkthrough video

README.md, after:

# Team Profile Generator

## Description

This application allows for details of software engineering teams to be entered and a html document to be generated displaying these details with a summary for each member of the team. There are also numerous tests run which ensure the right information is added for each team member. The team manager is added first, followed by engineers and interns depending on what is chosen at the relevant prompt. Once finish is selected the html document is generated displaying all the input information.

## Installation

This project relies on node.js as its runtime environment so that will need to be installed for it to be ran. The github repo can then be cloned to run the package and when npm install is ran it will install the relevant dependencies for the app and testing

## Usage

To start the app please type node index.js which will display the first prompt.

![Screenshot on how to start app](./assets/README1.png)

Answer the questions as they appear by either typing the answer for an input or selecting the relevant option from the list. All questions are validated so a response must be added, with other validations in place so that numbers are added for id only and actual email addresses are used as shown below.

![Screenshot of questions being answered with validations showing for id](./assets/README2.png)
![Screenshot of questions being answered with validations showing for id](./assets/README3.png)

Once all questions have been answered for the manager you can choose which type of team members to add or whether to finish.

![Screenshot of options to add new members or finish](./assets/README4.png)

After all team members added and finish is selected this is the final output of the html document

![Screenshot of html final document with all information](./assets/README5.png)

## Tests

Once npm install has been ran to install the dependencies for this project please run npm test and the tests will run for this project

After the tests have been run by typing npm test into command line the following should appear:

![Screenshot of tests being run](./assets/README6.png)

## Walkthrough Video

Please click this [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1x1TGTOOGfi31lq7f4rcT_gj_E_pEf9RG/view?usp=sharing) to watch a walkthrough video on how to start the app from the command line and run any tests.

The sample html created from the walkthrough video can be found in the dist folder under index.html

## Questions

Please direct all questions to [Dan Lawrence](https://github.com/DanLawrence91)
